## ISA metadata 
Metadata used for ISA. Note that the populated folder needs to be obtained from figshare. The following files might be of interest to future researchers:

	- `surrogateModelWithFixedSampleAggregatedData.txt`: The first column indicates the Bf-EBB intance name, the number of high- and low-fidelity samples available, and the random seed. For this instance, the accuracies of Kriging and Co-Kriging are given in terms of correlation and relative error, as well as the time taken to train them. The remaining columns provide features calculated with a large sample (denoted with the keyword `_real_`), features calculated with the available sample (denoted with the keyword `_sample_`), and the difference between the two (denoted with the keyword `_diff_`). When relevant, the features are calculated for $f_h$ (denoted with the keyword `_high_`), for $f_l$ (denoted with the keyword `_low_`), and for $f_h - f_l$ (denoted with the keyword `_mid_`). The last column denoted `Source` indicates where the instance was first defined.

	- `surrogateModelWithFixedSampleMetadata.txt`: This file is the result of combining the results of the file above via statistical tests. For each instance and number of high- and low-evaluations, the multiple seeds are combined in different ways. The mean and median accuracies both in terms of error and correlation are provided for both Kriging and Co-Kriging. The Wilcoxon test is used to provide a statistical measure of the models. The column `MODEL_METHODWilcoxonEPS` for MODEL $\in$ {kriging, cokriging}, METHOD $\in$ {corr, err} and EPS $\in$ {0, 0.001, 0.0025, 0.005} provides the probability of having observed the model accuracies (in terms of METHOD) assuming the null hypothesis that the chosen technique MODEL is no worse (by a margin of EPS) than its competitor. For example, `kriging_corrWilcoxon0.005` provides the probability of observing the given accuracies (in terms of correlation) assuming Kriging is no worse than Co-Kriging by a margin of 0.005. The column `MODEL_METHODWilcoxonEPSBad` provides a similar result, but with the null hypothesis that MODEL is worse than its competitor by a margin of EPS. The remaining feature columns are the average of the feature values calculated for each of the seeds.

	- `surrogateModelWithFixedSampleMetadataRandomOrder.txt`: This file is simply the random reordering of the file above, but ensuring that first all SOLAR instances are shown, then all literature instances, then all disturbance-based instances. This ordering is used to prioritise earlier instances when selecting an unbiased set.